README.md, before:

# Authentic Emojis for LinkedIn Posts

Captures authentic face expressions and posts them as emojis to LinkedIn post comments.

## Features
- Detects your facial expressions locally in your browser using your webcam.
- Maps your authentic expressions to specific emojis (😃, 🙂, 🤔, 😕, 😳, 🤨, 😎, etc.).
- Automatically injects the corresponding emoji into the active LinkedIn post's comment box.

## Installation Tutorial

Since this extension is sideloaded, you can easily install it in Chrome Developer Mode.

1. **Download the Repository:** Clone or download this repository to your local computer.
2. **Open Chrome Extensions:** Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/` in your address bar.
3. **Enable Developer Mode:** Toggle the "Developer mode" switch in the top right corner of the extensions page.
4. **Load Unpacked:** Click the "Load unpacked" button in the top left corner.
5. **Select Directory:** Browse and select the `dist` folder located inside this project directory.
6. **Ready to go!** the extension is now installed. Pin the icon to your toolbar, navigate to your LinkedIn feed, and start reacting!

Commit message:

docs: add beta note and list supported emojis

README.md, after:

# Authentic Emojis for LinkedIn Posts

Captures authentic face expressions and posts them as emojis to LinkedIn post comments.

> **Note:** This extension is currently in beta.

## Features
- Detects your facial expressions locally in your browser using your webcam.
- Maps your authentic expressions to specific supported emojis: 😐, 😃, 😳, 😏, 🤨, 🤔, 😎.
- Automatically injects the corresponding emoji into the active LinkedIn post's comment box.

## Installation Tutorial

Since this extension is sideloaded, you can easily install it in Chrome Developer Mode.

1. **Download the Repository:** Clone or download this repository to your local computer.
2. **Open Chrome Extensions:** Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/` in your address bar.
3. **Enable Developer Mode:** Toggle the "Developer mode" switch in the top right corner of the extensions page.
4. **Load Unpacked:** Click the "Load unpacked" button in the top left corner.
5. **Select Directory:** Browse and select the `dist` folder located inside this project directory.
6. **Ready to go!** the extension is now installed. Pin the icon to your toolbar, navigate to your LinkedIn feed, and start reacting!
